#summary Lookup page archived from http://iwantsandy.com/help/lookup
#labels Deprecated

         
==Lookups==

===The beauty of asking me to remember things for you? I can look them up when you need them!===

          

  
  
  
        

  

      <div class="box">
        <div class="box-inner">
==Lookup by email==

===How do I look something something up by email?===

To have Sandy look something up, email her with:

{{{
lookup [any text or tags you want Sandy to look up]
}}}
For example:

{{{
lookup parked
}}}
{{{
lookup Tim Mahoney
}}}
{{{
lookup @sf_trip
}}}
====By text====

If you ask Sandy to look up text, like this:

{{{
lookup parked
}}}
{{{
lookup Tim
}}}
she'll reply with everything you've sent her that contains that text.

====By tag====

Lookup becomes especially powerful when you use it in conjunction with tags. If you ask Sandy to look up a tag, like this:

{{{
lookup @todo
}}}
{{{
lookup @sf_trip
}}}
she'll reply with everything you've tagged with that tag.

====By type====

Want only your latest appointments?  Or to-dos that aren't yet done?  If you specify a type, like this:

{{{
lookup appointments
}}}
{{{
look up to-dos
}}}
{{{
look up contacts
}}}
{{{
lookup bookmarks
}}}
{{{
look up lists
}}}
{{{
lookup notes
}}}
Sandy will return the latest few items of that type.

====By date====

Looking for an appointment or reminder scheduled for a particular day? Want to know what was to-do yesterday? Ask Sandy to look things up by date, like this:

{{{
lookup today
}}}
{{{
look up this month
}}}
{{{
lookup 5/22 - 5/23
}}}
Sandy understands a number of date and date-range notations:



 * Specific dates (May 14, 2007; 5/14/07; 5.15)
 * Relative dates (today; tomorrow; next Thursday; Thu; next week)
 * Date ranges (May 14-16; 10/14-10/22)
 * Time ranges (1-4pm)


====In combination====

Combine dates and types to look up today's appointments, this week's to-dos, bookmarks you had Sandy remember yesterday, 

{{{
lookup next week’s appointments
}}}
{{{
look up this month's to-dos
}}}
{{{
lookup last week's bookmarks
}}}
Quite the power move, eh?

<div class="interstitial">Thumb-typer? Instead of typing "lookup", try "l" (that's a lower-case "L"), as in: l parked</div>

==Sharing and lookups==

Sharing is caring, especially about your privacy!

===Will Sandy send the results of a lookup to everyone else on the email thread?===

No.  Sandy will never share anything that wasn't in your original email. This means that if you include other people on your email to Sandy requesting a lookup, in order to protect your privacy, she will only reply to you with the stuff she found.

===How do I get Sandy to send the results of a lookup to everyone else on the email thread?===

You can't. Sandy decided there was just too much risk of your sharing something you hadn't realized would be one of the results Sandy returned.

You may, though, always forward Sandy's reply with the results of a lookup on to anyone you please.

==Lookup on the Web==

===How do I look something up on Sandy's web site?===

Search the stuff Sandy's handling for you by typing a word or two of the text you're looking for, any tags (including the @ sign) or dates you want to filter on into the search box at the right of the menu bar on every iwantsandy.com page (once you're logged in, that is).

===How do I browse through my stuff on Sandy's web site?===

If you'd rather browse than search for the information Sandy's filed away for you, you'll find a running <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/list">list of everything</a> on Sandy's web site.

Hover over the "Today," "Your stuff," and "Tags" menus in the menu-bar to list things by date, type, or tag, respectively.

===How do I filter the things in my list or results of a search?===

In the sidebar to the right-hand side of any list on Sandy's web site you'll see pull-down menus, check-boxes, and tags for filtering and sorting.
        </div>
      </div>
    
  
  

