#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

==About Me==

Hi! I'm Sandy, your new assistant. I'll remember the details so you can focus on what's important. 

Like a real assistant,I help you keep track of information, appointments, contacts, and to-dos — and make sure you have them when you need them.

<div class="interstitial">Want to tuck right in? Grab a copy of my handy [OriginalFeatures_Cheatsheet cheat sheet] — or have a copy delivered to your inbox by emailing me with: help cheatsheet</div>

==Emailing Me==

When you signed up, I sent you a "Welcome" message containing <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings">your own personal Sandy email address</a>. You send me stuff by writing to me at that address, either directly or by Cc'ing me on a message to someone else. You can write to me in the subject line or the body of an email message — I pay attention to both.

<div class="nb">When you Cc: me on a message, begin any paragraph you want me to pay attention to with "Sandy," as in:

{{{
Sandy, remind me about my haircut appointment on July 6 1-2pm
}}}
But if you're writing directly To: me, you don't have to say "Sandy," — I'll assume you're addressing me.</div>

==Sandy Shorthand==

I understand a simple shorthand that feels natural to read and write. 

A single email message can contain any number of details. As long as you place each one in its own paragraph and point it out using this shorthand, I'll pick it up.

===Remember or Remind===

Sometimes, the hardest part about getting organized is simply remembering the flood of details that come at you each day. Think of me as your backup brain: send all those little details to me, and I'll file them away, ready for retrieval when you need them.

To have me remember something for you, start a sentence with "remember" or "remind" like this:

{{{
Remember that I lent our Pride and Prejudice DVD to Mike
}}}
{{{
Remember Mark Levino's cell number is (503) 555-1212
}}}
And then sometimes a friendly nudge is all you need to stay on track. I'll remind you about anything you like — meetings, important dates, or that your parking meter's about to expire.

Mention a date or time and I will put it on the calendar and email you a reminder (and, <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/mobile">if I know your cell phone number</a>, send a text message to your cellphone) when the time comes. I understand a number of date and time notations, for example:

{{{
Remind me about yoga class on Friday at 8am
}}}
{{{
Remember to pick up dry cleaning in 3 days
}}}
<div class="nb">To me, "remember" and "remind" are pretty much identical. Having both just allows you to write in whichever way feels more natural to you: "remind me to move the car" or "remember to move the car." Either way, if you include a date or time, I'll set a reminder.</div>

Simple, huh?

When you send me something to remember or remind you about I'll take note of it and email you a confirmation. (To turn off confirmations, adjust your <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/email">Email settings</a>.

I also keep a running list of everything you've asked me to remember on my <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/list">Web site</a>.

<div class="interstitial">Thumb-typer? Instead of typing "remember" or "remind", try "r", as in: r yoga fri 8a</div>

<h4 id="snooze_reminders" name="snooze_reminders">Snooze Reminders</h4>

Need a little more time? Sure thing! Take all the time you need.

To snooze any reminder (that is, ask me to remind you about the same thing again later), reply to the reminder email and let me know when would be a more convenient time, like this: 

{{{
snooze for an hour
}}}
{{{
snooze until tomorrow
}}}
{{{
snooze until next thursday morning
}}}
<div class="nb">*POWER MOVE!*

Snooze email messages into the future by forwarding them to me and adding a reminder to the subject or body of the message like so: 

{{{
Remind me to follow up on Richard's question in 4 days
}}}
{{{
Subject: Remind me in 2 days re: Whatever the message subject
}}}
You'll get that message back when you're good and ready for it.</div>


===Dates and Times===

I understand a number of date and time notations:

<ul>
<li>12- and 24-hour time (1:30pm; 13:30)</li>
<li>Specific dates (May 14, 2007; 5/14/07; 5.15)</li>
<li>Relative dates (today; tomorrow; next Thursday; Thu; next week)</li>
<li>Relative times (this afternoon; tomorrow morning; next thursday evening)</li>
<li>Relative date intervals (in 2 days; in 3 weeks; in a month)</li>

<li>Relative time intervals (in 15 minutes; in an hour; in 4 hours)</li>
<li>Date ranges (May 14-16; 10/14-10/22)</li>
<li>Time ranges (1-4pm; 8am-5pm)</li>
<li>Time zones (4pm Europe/London; 5/1 7am PDT-2pm EDT; noon GMT+10)</li>
</ul>

If you specify a time interval like "in 15 minutes" or "in an hour," I'll remind you at that time. Ask me to remind you about an appointment (something with a date and time) and I'll send the reminder 15 minutes before the scheduled time. If you don't specify a reminder time (only a date), I'll send you a reminder at 7:00am that day.

To fiddle with your default reminder time, visit your <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/datetime">Date and Time settings</a>. You can also customize the reminder time for individual items on <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/">my Web site</a>.

<div class="nb"><strong>"Monday," "on Monday," "This Monday," and "next Monday"</strong>

By "Monday", "on Monday", or "this Monday," Sandy assumes you mean the very first Monday you'd find (after today) on the calendar. For example, let's say today were Tuesday the 2nd and you email Sandy: "Remind me to get back to work on Monday." She'll assume you mean Monday the 8th.

By "next Monday" Sandy assumes you mean the second Monday you'd find (after today) on the calendar. For example, let's say today were Tuesday the 2nd and you email Sandy: "Remind me to get back to work next Monday." She'll assume you mean Monday the 15th.</div>

===Lookup===

The beauty of asking me to remember things for you? I can look them up when you need them!

To ask me to look something up, email me with:

{{{
lookup [any text or tags you want me to look up]
}}}
For example:

{{{
lookup parked
}}}
{{{
lookup Tim Mahoney
}}}
{{{
lookup @sf_trip
}}}
If you ask me to look up text, I'll reply with everything you've sent me that contains that text.

Lookup becomes especially powerful when you use it in conjunction with tags. If you ask me to look up a category tag (in the example above, @sf_trip), I'll reply with everything you've tagged with that category.

If you'd rather browse than search for the information I've filed away for you, I keep a running list of everything we talk about on <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/list">my Web site</a>.

For much more detail on lookup, visit [OriginalFeatures_Lookups the Lookups help page].

<div class="interstitial">Thumb-typer? Instead of typing "lookup", try "l" (that's a lower-case "L"), as in: l parked</div>

===Update===

In your daily digest and in my replies to you with lookup results or confirmations, I number each item I list. I do this so that you can refer to a specific item you want me to update.

To ask me to update something, reply to any email I send you containing numbered items with:

{{{
update [#number of the item you want me to update] [text, date, time, and/or tag you want me to update]
}}}
For example:

{{{
update #1 12/2/07
}}}
{{{
update #2 @family
}}}
{{{
update #3 -@read
}}}
{{{
update #1 Marketing meeting
}}}
<div class="nb">*POWER MOVE!*

Want to remove a tag using update? No problem — just type a - (minus sign or dash) and the tag you want me to remove, like this:

{{{
update #1 -@tag_name
}}}
You can even add and remove tags at the same time, like so:

{{{
update #1 @new_tag -@old_tag
}}}
</div>

You can also update items anywhere they appear on my <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/list">my Web site</a>.

<div class="interstitial">Thumb-typer? Instead of typing "update #1", try "u 1" (or just "u" if there's only one item listed in my reply), as in: u 1 Marketing meeting</div>

<h4 id="update_and_recurrence" name="update_and_recurrence">Update and Recurrence</h4>

If you've had me create a series of repeating appointments, reminders, or to-dos (see <a href="#recurring_appointments">Recurring Appointments</a>), you can ask me to update either the current occurrence or all future occurrences.

Let's say today is a holiday and the garbage people will be by tomorrow instead. To ask me to update just the current occurrence (ex. today's reminder to take out the trash), do just as you would a non-repeating item, like so:

{{{
update [#number of the item you want me to update] [text, date, time, and/or tag you want me to update]
}}}
For example:

{{{
update #1 tomorrow
}}}
Perhaps, however, garbage day has changed permanently. To have me update all future occurrences including the current one (ex. all future weekly reminders to take out the trash), reply with:

{{{
update [#number of the item you want me to update] [text, date, time, and/or tag you want me to update] [recurrence tag]
}}}
For example:

{{{
update #1 tomorrow @weekly
}}}
(Notice the @weekly tag in there? That's how I know to update all future occurrences rather than just the current one.)

===Forget===

You can tell me to remove something from the collection of stuff you've sent me...just ask me to forget it.

To ask me to forget something, reply to any email I send you which contains numbered items with: 

{{{
forget [#number(s) of the item(s) you want me to forget]
}}}
For example:

{{{
forget #1
}}}
{{{
forget #2, 4
}}}
{{{
forget #1,2,4
}}}
You can also ask me to forget things using my Web site: any time you see a <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/list">list</a>, hover your mouse over any item and click the "forget" link that appears.

<div class="interstitial">Thumb-typer? Instead of typing "forget #1", try "f 1" (or just "f" if there's only one item listed in my reply)</div>

<h4 id="forget_and_recurrence" name="forget_and_recurrence">Forget and Recurrence</h4>

If you've had me create a series of recurring appointments, reminders, or to-dos (see <a href="#recurring_appointments">Recurring Appointments</a>), you can ask me to forget either the current ocurrence or all future occurrences.

Let's say you've a regular weekly "marketing meeting" that's been cancelled for today. To ask me to forget just the current occurrence, do just as you would a non-repeating item, like so:

{{{
forget [#number of the item you want me to forget]
}}}
For example:

{{{
forget #1
}}}
Perhaps, however, the weekly meeting has been cancelled permanently (don't you just wish it were so?). To have me forget all future occurrences including the current one, reply with:

{{{
forget [#number of the item you want me to forget] [recurrence tag]
}}}
For example:

{{{
forget #1 @weekly
}}}
(Notice the @weekly tag in there? That's how I know to forget all future occurrences rather than just the current one.)

===Tags===

Tags work like labels, keywords, or folders — they group related items together. Tagging allows me to better organize and retrieve things you send me.

To add a tag to something you send me, type the @ symbol followed by a tag word — any word from @friend to @groceries will do — in the same paragraph as the detail you're tagging. You can add more than one tag, separated by commas or spaces.

For example:

{{{
remind me to call Hazel tomorrow @phone
}}}
{{{
remember Jim Broadstreet's number is (503) 555-1212 @friends @bookclub
}}}
<div class="nb">TIP! Ask me to send you everything tagged with a particular tag using the lookup keyword, like this:

{{{
lookup @friends
}}}
And I'll send you the whole list!</div>

(See <a href="#update">Update</a> for details on updating (adding and removing) tags on existing items.)

===Special Tags===

I've reserved a few special tags for triggering special features, toggling functionality, and otherwise tweaking our interactions.

<h4 id="to_dos" name="to_dos">To-Dos</h4>

<h5 id="_todo" name="_todo">@todo</h5>

Tagging something with @todo tells me that you want to put it on your list of things you really want to get done.

{{{
remember project plan @todo
}}}
I include items tagged with @todo in your daily digest every morning until you tag them as @done.

<h5 id="_done" name="_done">@done</h5>

Tagging an item with @done will tell me that it is done and no longer @todo.

{{{
update #1 @done
}}}
In fact, if the item was previously tagged as @todo, I'll go ahead and remove the @todo tag for you.

To-dos tagged with @done will stop showing up in your daily digest's to-do list.

<div class="nb">TIP! If you feel like reflecting on your past accomplishments, you can just ask me to:

{{{
lookup @done
}}}
...and I'll send you the whole list!</div>

<h4 id="goals" name="goals">Goals</h4>

<h5 id="_goal" name="_goal">@goal</h5>

IF you're among those of Sandy's clients who have already set a goal (Click the "Customize" link on your <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/home">Daily Digest page</a>) and are having Sandy keep it front-and-center, you'll love the new @goal tag. 
Simply tag something with @goal and it'll replace your prior goal and appear in both the web and email versions of your digest. For example:

{{{
Remember "The difference between theory and practice is far greater in practice than in theory" @goal
}}}
<h4 id="replies" name="replies">Replies</h4>

Let me know if you'd like me to reply — or not — to any particular message.

While you can turn <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/email">email replies</a> on and off generally, you can also specify that you'd like me to email a reply — or not — to a particular message you send.

<h5 id="_reply" name="_reply">@reply</h5>

Tag an item with @reply and I'll email you a reply even if you have <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/email">email replies</a> turned off. For example:

{{{
remember to replace the back-porch lightbulb @todo @reply
}}}
<h5 id="_noreply" name="_noreply">@noreply</h5>

Tag an item with @noreply and I'll skip the reply even if you have <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/email">email replies</a> turned off. For example:

{{{
remember Pride and Prejudice @books @noreply
}}}
<h4 id="reminders" name="reminders">Reminders</h4>

Let me know how you'd like me to remind you about something: via email, SMS/text, or Twitter, or not at all.

While you can turn <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/email">email</a>, <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/mobile">mobile (text/SMS)</a>, and <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/twitter">Twitter</a> reminders on and off using your settings, you can also specify how you'd like me to remind you on an item by item basis using these special reminder tags.

<h5 id="_email" name="_email">@email</h5>

Tag as item with @email and I'll be sure to remind you by email — even if you've turned off <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/email">email reminders</a>. For example:

{{{
remind me to pick up a pizza on the way home from work this evening @email
}}}
<h5 id="_sms" name="_sms">@sms</h5>

Tag as item with @sms and I'll send a text message to your mobile phone — even if you've turned off <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/mobile">mobile reminders</a>. For example:

{{{
remind me to call Susan during my commute at 7:30am @sms
}}}
You need to have already <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/mobile">set up mobile reminders</a> or I won't know where to text you.

<h5 id="_twitter" name="_twitter">@twitter</h5>

Tag as item with @twitter and I'll send you a reminder tweet — even if you've turned off <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/twitter">Twitter reminders</a>. For example:

{{{
remind me to head downtown by 9:30am for my coffee date with Brad @twitter
}}}
You need to have already <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/twitter">introduced me to your Twitter self</a> or I won't be able to remind you via Twitter.

<h5 id="_noreminder" name="_noreminder">@noreminder</h5>

Tag an item with @noreminder to make sure I know not to remind you — even if the item has a date or time. For example:

{{{
remember to mow the lawn on Sunday @noreminder
}}}
You can mix and match any of these reminder tags to have me remind you in more than one way, for example:

{{{
remind me to leave work at 5pm @email @twitter
}}}
{{{
remind me about the Marketing meeting tomorrow 9-10am @sms @email
}}}
Note that reminder tags override all of your reminder settings; so I'll *only* remind you by SMS/text if you tag something with @sms — even if you have email and/or Twitter reminders turned on by default.

<h4 id="recurring_events" name="recurring_events">Recurring Events</h4>

Recurring appointments, reminders, and to-dos are a snap thanks to these special tags:

<h5 id="_daily" name="_daily">@daily</h5>

Tag an item with @daily and I'll schedule it for every day at the same time, for example:

{{{
remind me to leave work at 5pm @daily
}}}
<h5 id="_bidaily" name="_bidaily">@bidaily</h5>

Tag an item with @bidaily and I'll schedule it for every two days at the same time, for example:

{{{
remind me to walk home a different way at 5pm @bidaily
}}}
<h5 id="_weekends" name="_weekends">@weekends</h5>

Tag an item with @weekends and I'll schedule it for every Saturday and Sunday at the same time, for example:

{{{
remind me to sleep late at 11am ;-) @weekends
}}}
<h5 id="_weekdays" name="_weekdays">@weekdays</h5>

Tag an item with @weekdays and I'll schedule it for every Monday through Friday at the same time, for example:

{{{
remind me to wake up at 6:15am @weekdays
}}}
<h5 id="_weekly" name="_weekly">@weekly</h5>

Tag it with @weekly and I'll schedule it for every week on the same day of the week at the same time, for example:

{{{
remind me to take out the trash on Sunday evening @weekly
}}}
<h5 id="_biweekly" name="_biweekly">@biweekly</h5>

Tag it with @biweekly and I'll schedule it for every two weeks on the same day of the week at the same time, for example:

{{{
remind me to take out the yard debris on Tuesday evening @biweekly
}}}
<h5 id="_monthly" name="_monthly">@monthly</h5>

Tag it with @monthly and it'll appear on your calendar for the same day of the month at the same time, for example:

{{{
remember to turn over the mattress tomorrow morning @monthly
}}}
(Any month that doesn't have such a day — February 31st, for example — is skipped.)

<h5 id="_bimonthly" name="_bimonthly">@bimonthly</h5>

Tag it with @bimonthly and it'll appear on your calendar for the same day at the same time every two months, for example:

{{{
remember to check the scooter's oil tomorrow evening @bimonthly
}}}
(Any month that doesn't have such a day — February 31st, for example — is skipped.)

<h5 id="_quarterly" name="_quarterly">@quarterly</h5>

Anything tagged with @quarterly will appear on your calendar and remind you on the same day at the same time every three months, for example:

{{{
remember to prepay taxes on Monday @quarterly
}}}
(Any month that doesn't have such a day — February 31st, for example — is skipped.)

<h5 id="_yearly_annually_" name="_yearly_annually_">@yearly (@annually)</h5>

Tag it with @yearly and it'll repeat every year on the same date and at the same time, for example:

{{{
remember to get started on the garden 2/1 @yearly
}}}
(You can use @annually if you prefer.)

<h5 id="_birthday_and_anniversary" name="_birthday_and_anniversary">@birthday and @anniversary</h5>

Never forget a birthday or anniversary again:

{{{
remember Mimi's birthday 7/8 @birthday
}}}
{{{
remember our anniversary Aug 15 @anniversary
}}}
<h5 id="_biannually_biyearly_" name="_biannually_biyearly_">@biannually (@biyearly)</h5>

Tag it with @biannually and it'll repeat every two years on the same date and at the same time, for example:

{{{
remember to re-seal the back-yard fence 5/1 @biannually
}}}
(Any year that doesn't have such a day — February 29th in a non-leap-year, for example — is skipped.)

<div class="interstitial">(See <a href="#update_and_recurrence">Update and Recurrence</a> for details on updating single or recurring appointments, reminders, and to-dos.)</div>

==Working with friends==

Staying organized with friends, family, and coworkers is effortless when I work with them, too.

<ul>
<li>send shared reminders (the movie premiere Friday night)</li>
<li>add stuff to each other's calendars (the dentist appointment)</li>
<li>share a to-do list (get those to-dos done together)</li>
</ul>

...and so much more. No more fussing with different organizing systems and calendar applications — just bring me into the conversation and I'll take care of the rest.

<h4 id="other_special_tags" name="other_special_tags">Other Special Tags</h4>

<h5 id="_archive" name="_archive">@archive</h5>

Archive any item you no longer consider active by tagging it with @archive.

{{{
update #1 @archive
}}}
Any items tagged with @archive will simply recede into the background: they won't show up in lists on my Web site, in lookups, or in your daily digest — and I won't send you reminders about them.

<div class="nb">TIP! Show archived items by checking the "Include archived" checkbox anywhere you see a <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/list">list</a>. Hide them again by un-checking the checkbox.

The "Show archived" and "Hide archived" links act like a setting: I'll keep showing or hiding archived items in lists on my Web site, lookups, and your daily digest until you click the "Show archived" or "Hide archived" link again.</div>

===Introducing me===

The easiest way to introduce me to your friends is to Cc: me on email to someone else, like this:

<pre><code>To: Jim &lt;jim@example.com&gt;
From: Marla &lt;marla@example.com&gt;
Cc: Sandy &lt;yoursandy@username.iwantsandy.com&gt;

Subject: Our coffee date

We're on for our coffee date tomorrow afternoon!

Sandy, remind us about Coffee at Frank's Diner tomorrow at 3pm.

Take care,
Marla
</code></pre>

(When you Cc: me on a message, put "Sandy," before the keyword you want me to pay attention to.)

When you bring me into the conversation, I will automatically introduce myself — if I've not already done so — to the other recipients (anyone else in the To: or Cc: fields). I'll also share any details you've asked me to take note of; more on this in a moment.

<div class="nb">*A note about privacy*

Of course, your privacy is my number one priority, so I will never share more than the details you included in your email message.

You can change your <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/sharing">Sharing settings</a>. I can: always share (the default), prompt you each time, or never share at all if you'd prefer.</div>

If your friends are already working with me, all the better! I'll just take care of the details for them.

===Sharing===

When you make me part of an email conversation, I will automatically email the other recipients (anyone else in the To: or Cc: fields), with appointments, reminders, to-dos, contacts, or bookmarks you had me create — along with iCal and vCard attachments for those appointments, reminders, to-dos, and contacts. I'll also set email reminders for them and remind them when the time comes — just like I do for you.

If you have email confirmations turned on in your <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/email">Email settings</a>, you'll notice that I make note of having shared details with a friend like this:

"I've also shared this detail with Russell Square."

And you can always see what you're sharing and with whom on my Web site. Any shared detail <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/list">listed on my Web site</a> will include your friends' names in pink if they've accepted your sharing offer.

<div class="nb">NOTE! Sharing is caring, especially about your privacy!

When I share details with and send reminders to your friends, I never share anything that wasn't in your original email. I simply give them the information right when they need it, in a format they can easily pop into their own calendars and address books. If they decide they don't want to receive anything you send to them through me, they can let me know by simply clicking a link.</div>

===Your Friends list===

I'll keep track of all the people you're sharing with or who have shared with you on your <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/friends">Friends list</a>.

Your Friends list is also the place to tweak individual sharing settings: receive a prompt each time JJ shares with you, automatically accept anything from your significant other, and so on. You can also edit your friends' names (e.g. change "Jennifer Jones" to "JJ") in your Friends list.

<div class="nb">HINT! Tweak what I do by default with details gathered when a new friend includes you in an email conversation with me. I can: accept automatically, accept and notify you, ask each time (the default), or never accept anything shared with you at all if you'd prefer. Just let me know by toggling your <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/sharing">Accepting setting</a>.</div>

==Extra goodies==

I'm always thinking of extra ways I can help you stay on top of the details.

===Daily Digest===

I'll help you get a jump on your day by delivering a daily digest to your email inbox. Your daily digest includes any reminders or events for that day, as well as anything you've tagged with @todo that's not yet @done.

If you'd rather not receive a daily digest, let me know by changing your <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/email">Email settings</a>.

===PIM Attachments===

If you use a Personal Information Manager (PIM) such as Microsoft Outlook or iCal, I can help you get the information you share with me into those programs as well.

Whenever you send me something that looks like a contact, appointment, to-do, or list I'll create a <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VCard">vCard</a>, <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICalendar">iCalendar</a>, or ordinary text file (whichever is appropriate) for that item and send it back to you as an attachment.

I'll always attach vCard, iCalendar, and text files to the results of any lookups. And you can also grab attachments any time you'd like from my <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/list">Web site</a>.

This service is particularly handy if you want to turn a bunch of plain text email signatures into contacts or address book entries.

If you'd rather I don't include attachments in my replies and reminders, let me know by changing your <a href="http://iwantsandy.com/settings/email">Email settings</a>. (Those of you emailing primarily from your BlackBerries or other mobile devices will probably want to turn off attachments as they can interfere with the proper display of my email messages.)
