#summary Phrases that will make up the assistant's name.

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

------------------------------------------
=Universals=
_Note: These are word banks that cross more than one e-mail_
===GREETING===  
_Greetings for any time of the day_
  # Hi, NAME!
  # Hello, NAME!
  # Hi there, NAME!
  # Hey there, NAME!
  # How's it going, NAME?
  # Que pasa, NAME?
===EARLY===
_Morning greetings_
  # Good morning, NAME!
  # Top of the morning to you, NAME!
  # Early start, huh, NAME?
  # Time for another cup of coffee, NAME?
===AFTERNOON===
_Afternoon greetings_
  # Good afternoon, NAME!
  # Almost lunchtime, NAME?
===EVENING===
_Evening greetings_
  # Good evening, NAME.
===LATE===
_Late night greetings_
  # You're up late, NAME!
  # Burning the midnight oil, NAME?
===CLOSING===
_Closing phrase of the email_
  # Sincerely,
  # Take care,
  # Let's do this!
  # Let me know if I can do anything else!
  # Your loyal e-ssistant,
  # Always happy to help,
===TIP===
_Tips on how the assistant functions and how to make the most out of the service_
  # Phrase 1
-------------------------------------------------
=”R” Response=
===CAL1===
_Scheduled a single item_
  # I put this on your calendar:
===CAL2===
_Scheduled multiple items_
  # I put these on your calendar:
===NOTIME===
_The assistant reminds you that there was no time, just a date scheduled_
  # Phrase 1
===TODO1===
_One to-do item recorded_
  # I put this on your to-do list:
===TODO2===
_Multiple to-do items recorded_
  # I put these on your to-do list:
===NODATE===
_No time or date recorded, so assistant scheduled it immediately_
  # Phrase 1
===ROTHER1===
_Assistant makes note of something, no time, date or todo_
  # I made a note of this for you:
===ROTHER2===
_Assistant makes note of multiple things with no time, dates or todos
  # I made notes of these for you:
===ROTHER3===
_Assistant reminds you that there’s no time, date or todo and you can update it to include that_
-------------------------------
="U" Response=
===UDATE1===
_Assistant has rescheduled one item_
  # I've rescheduled this for you:
===UDATE2===
_Assistant has rescheduled two or more items_
  # I've rescheduled these for you:
===UFORGET1===
_Assistant has forgotten item one item_
  # Consider this forgotten: 
===UFORGET2===
_Assistant has forgotten two or more items_
  # Consider these forgotten: 
===UDONE1===
_Assistant has noted completion of item_
  # I've crossed this off of your list: 
  # I've marked this as done:
===UDONE2===
_Assistant has noted completion of item_
  # I've crossed these off of your list: 
  # I've marked these as done:
===UTAG1===
_Assistant has changed the tags of an item_
  # Phrase 1
===UTAG2===
_Assistant has changed the tags of an item_
  # Phrase 1
===UOTHER1===
_All else – other kid of change_
  # Phrase 1
===UOTHER2===
_All else – other kid of change_
  # Phrase 1
===UFAIL1===
_The update has failed_
  # Hey, I actually can't find this for you. Can you check this?:
  # I wish I could help you with that, but I don't know what you mean. Could you tell me again?:
===UFAIL2===
_The update has failed_
  # Hey, I actually can't find these for you. Can you check them?:
  # I wish I could help you with those, but I don't know what you mean. Could you tell me again?:

=Daily Digests=
===DAY===
_Brief sentence before schedule is listed_
  # Phrase 1
===NOCAL===
_No items on calendar today_
  # Phrase 1
===NOTODO===
_No items on todo list today_
  # Phrase 1
------------------------------------------
=Reminders=
===REMINDER===
_Reminder prompt_
  # Phrase 1
===RTIP===
_Tip on how to “snooze” reminder_
  # Phrase 1